# gtgt

**gtgt** - pronounced: ***gitty-gitty*** - stands for "General/Gnu Template Generation Tools".


* Do you mean that the development of applications with GNU autoconf / automake doesn't seem to be as easy as possible?
* Do you want to have a completely elaborated automatically generated example which is already as most as possible prepared for your goals?

Then the answer is **gtgt** , known as

## gitty gitty ...

The (general | GNU) template generation tools are a set of scripts for creating and instantiating a complete set of sources which may already be compiled and
installed by using the GNU development tools.

Think of gtgt as a program which ...

## .. is able to generate an already compilable ...

very sophisticated "hello world" program, written in C or C++ and constituted by a main program, two internal modules (classes), one static and one shared library and one shell script. All these sources except the shell script contain a full set of possible doxygen-comments.

This complex and documented "Hello World" program is already ...


## ... fully embedded into GNU autoconf/automake environment

By using gitty-gitty, you will get a ***template of sources*** for the main cases you might meet, and which you can also use as (teaching) examples for c/c++, doxygen, automake, autoconf, etc.

## Usage

How to install and use **gtgt** is described in a special [manual](./manual.md)

## Licensing

(c) 2000 - 2020 [Karsten Reincke](mailto:k.reincke@fodina.de): **gitty-gitty** is licensed under the [GNU General Public License 3.0](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html)

Due to the fact, that *gtgt* is a code generator and that its sub scripts contain code (which is copied into the generated sources), one normally should take the generated sources as derivative work of the templates. As a consequence of the strong copyleft effect, these generated and instantiated sources normally must also be released  under the terms of the GPL.

That is not intended by **gitty-gitty**. Therefore we explicitly state that the code generated by *gtgt* and its sub scripts is not covered by the copyleft effect and can be published under any open or closed source license.
